README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# To Do List

> A simple to do list app that makes usr add a to do list item and remove them when completed 

## Built With

 Semantic HTML
- HTML Forms

- Css
- positioning
- PSuedo Classes
- Flexbox

Javascrpit

- Dom Manipulation and `EventListner` with handler functions
- Named and anonymous arrow functions
- Arrays and Object
- Array manipulation with, `forEach`
- Localstorage API
- JSON.Parse
- JSON.Stringify
- Javascript Classes and Methods

- Css
- positioning
- PSuedo Classes
- Flexb
## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)

## Getting Started
This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:

- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database. **Important note: this file might include queries that make changes in the database (e.g., remove records). Use them responsibly!**


### Prerequisites

- Node and NPM
- Web browser (Google chrome)
- Code Editor (VSCode)

### Development (Running locally)

- Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/basitkorede/html-template.git

```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

Or to automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

You can also check against Webhint:

```bash
npx hint --telemetry=off .
```

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/BasitKorede)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/basit-korede/)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Microverse 
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README file according to reviewer's request

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# VET CLINIC DATABASE

>This template should be used for database related projects at Microverse. Generate your own repository, update this README and edit all files content while working on projects. You should not be adding any new files unless asked otherwise.

## Live Demo (if available)

[Live Demo Link](https://livedemo.com)

## Getting Started
This repository includes files with plain SQL that can be used to recreate a database:


## Built With
- Use [schema.sql](./schema.sql) to create all tables.
- Use [data.sql](./data.sql) to populate tables with sample data.
- Check [queries.sql](./queries.sql) for examples of queries that can be run on a newly created database. **Important note: this file might include queries that make changes in the database (e.g., remove records). Use them responsibly!**


### Prerequisites

- Node and NPM
- Web browser (Google chrome)
- Code Editor (VSCode)

### Development (Running locally)

- Clone the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/BasitKorede/vet-clinic.git

```

- Install Dependencies

```bash
npm install
```

To run StyleLint by itself, you may run the lint task:

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

Or to automatically fix issues found (where possible):

```bash
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}" --fix
```

You can also check against Webhint:

```bash
npx hint --telemetry=off .
```

## Authors

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/BasitKorede)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/basit-korede/)

👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/githubhandle)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/twitterhandle)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/linkedinhandle)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Microverse 
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
